Do you know any good bakeries around? Because I’d love to have a cutie pie like you
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you’re acute-y
Are you a Mexican? Because you’re my Juan and only
If you were a potato you’d be a sweet one
Do you have 11 protons? Because you’re sodium fine
Do you have an inhaler? Because you took my breath away
My doctor says I’m lacking Vitamin U
I’d never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
If you were a flower you’d be a damndelion
Seeing you makes my heart stop like the foot traffic on the overpass
You complete me like the link of PEEL
Are you the square root of -1? Because you can’t be real
Are you Google? Because you have everything I’m looking for
I’m no photographer but I can picture us together
Do you have a band-aid? I scraped my knee falling for you
Are you Australian? Because you meet all my koala-fications
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Do you have a map? Because I keep getting lost in your eyes
Are you a beaver? Cause DAAAAM!
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart
Are you the level three E block stairs? Because you take my breath away
I was wondering if you’re an artist because you were so good at drawing me in
Is your name Google? Because you’re everything I’m searching for
If you were a fruit, you’d be a fine-apple
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put ‘U’ and ‘I’ together
Do you believe in love at first sight—or should I walk by again?
I was wondering if you had an extra heart... Because mine was just stolen
Life without you is like a broken Apple pencil... pointless
Do you have your school hat? Because I’m chasing you around like the uniform police
You’re the Apple pencil to my iPad
We’re not socks, but I think we’d make a great pair
Your hand looks heavy—can I hold it for you?
My love for you grows like my mindset
Just like the pit, I want to learn more about you
Is there a science class nearby, or am I just sensing the chemistry between me and you?
I’m learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
My love for you is like pi... never ending!
Do you like Chemistry? Because I’ve got my ion you!
Even if there were no gravity on earth, I’d still fall for you
If I had to rate you from 1 to 10, I’d rate you as a 9 because I’m the 1 you’re missing
There must be a lookout notice out in heaven because they are missing an angel
Aren’t you tired? Because you’ve been running through my mind all day
If you were a basketball, I’d never shoot because I’d always miss you
Are you made of oxygen? Because I always need you
I always thought happiness started with a ‘h’ but it turns out mine’s starts with ‘u’
My love for you is like dividing by 0. It cannot be defined
I’d wait at the back of the tuckshop line just to be with you
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I’d have a galaxy
Are you made of fluorine, iodine and neon? Cause you are F-I-Ne